# Fizz-Buzz-Code-Along

## Installing the Repository
To access this repository, clone using HTTPS by copying the HTTPS link and running 'git clone <i>insert https link here'

### Description of Fizz Buzz
This is a walkthrough on how to create the FizzBuzz Program. FizzBuzz is a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. In this range, a number is represented as “Fizz” if it is a multiple of 3, a number is represented as “Buzz” if it is a multiple of 5 and lastly, “FizzBuzz” is displayed if the number is a multiple of both 3 and 5.

### Sum of Multiples of 3 and 5 in the range (1-1000)
In the range 1 -1000, this program returns numbers that are both multiples of 3 and 5 into an array. All the numbers in the array are then added together. The program is tested to make sure that the program is able to return a number that is both a multiple of 3 and 5.

### Even Fibonacci Numbers
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, the sum of the even-valued terms of the Fibonacci sequence is determined.


##  Running RSpec
RSpec is a test-driven development tool written in Ruby to test Ruby code.
Install RSpec and run rspec --init to set up your project to use RSpec. Run rspec command from your project directory. RSpec will look inside the spec subdirectory for files named array_spec.rb and hash_spec.rb and run them. RSpec gives a detailed report displaying which spec failed, the line of code where the error occured, and a description of the failure.

RSpec relies on the repetition of a very short development cycle, it includes;

1. Red - Write an initially failing automated test case
2. Green - Make the test work
3. Refactor - Eliminate all of the duplication created in merely getting the test to work
